[Applause]
is his urologist with a love for
dangerous BC as a new show on Facebook
watch called animal bites with Dave
Salmoni from Animal Planet please
welcome Dave Salmoni
[Applause]
this is an alligator yeah it's a little
one right it is actually a little one
you're right these guys can be over a
thousand pounds go and sit down really
that like will that one get well that
one get up too they all basically grow
to the size of their enclosures or what
they eat so if this guy's in a wild area
where there's lots of really big things
like big pigs or a big deer or big
things that he eats he's gonna be huge
he'll be 16 feet thousand pounds but if
he is in areas where he's living off
frogs and little birds things anything
he'll stay smaller why do you always
have that smile at like that evil smile
on their face so that's my favorite
legging you so that is because they are
one of the most perfect predators in the
whole world are these guys they haven't
evolved in millions years so millions
years ago there was animals that look
just like this and their reason that
they haven't changed is because they
haven't met need to yeah really good
predator so let me show you my favorite
things you have one of these in your
apartment yeah actually I just felt like
I was like oh did I miss a scene in
predator are we doing that right now
yeah yeah we had one of these we had no
we had a Nile monitor which looked very
close to this but you can have a long
snout he had like a short face right
yeah yeah so with these guys oh wait I'm
sorry
he just left him primeira no he blinked
and then I freaked out I'm sorry
everybody know I got to nervous guys I'm
gonna come out hitting on so the with
these guys as a predator you'll see my
favorite thing about them is if you look
the nose is above the top of the head
and the eyes are at the top right so
when this guy even if he's a thousand
pounds can live under the water and all
you'll see is little to little bumps on
the top and he can sit like this and
just wait and if anything then comes
nice and close so you look at this guy
so if you look from the tip of his nose
till about his back foot anything in
that circle he can grab so he'll reach
out and you look at his teeth if you
zoom real exciting almost teeth they're
like they're like little pegs there's no
special teeth there's no molars there's
no incisors no they're only for grabbing
yeah so the grab onto something and once
they got ahold you that's it they've got
you but they don't have but they can't
take bite so if it's something real big
if it's not bite size they'll then take
it in the water try and soften it up now
if you heard of the death roll yeah yeah
yeah that's what they're doing basically
they're taking something that's big and
they're really just trying to get a
bite-sized chunk are they drowning it
right no so well it can drown the Able's
they don't care they know when they've
got you if you're gonna die eventually
they're the that process of them dying
once they've got they know it's over you
might not know yeah
the death roll really is just to get a
chunk there like they there's no point
killing something really big if they
can't eat it so what they'll do is
they'll grab it bring it down and try to
spin just because it'll end rip a chunk
off then think it's one and this one in
particular how long before it grows into
a full size Kellyanne Conway
if if he eats a lot it could be about a
year he quite big oh no you want to hold
this guy no you should all right I guess
yeah you're Michael the whole yeah
you're friendly you're sighs I mean the
friendlier sighs oh look at that
one of the fights all right go now all
right
that is who they're gonna get
progressively smaller yeah there you go
now you grab here okay grab the tail
there all right I'm down because I can
bite you oh you can bite you before you
trick I didn't realize you're gonna say
yes to the bigger let you like never
gone for the joke but that's how much I
like animals why does he you want to
hold this hand up at the front make him
feel comfortable he will bite you if you
let him okay so give me your this hand
does it hurt those are like straight up
needles in his mouth yeah if he grabs it
it'll hurt enough that it'll bruise a
bit maybe a little bit of blood but the
other guy he can take he's big enough to
take a chunk off oh really
Louis Fieser he's got nice eyes I don't
know if you can get really close in the
camera there but while you're holding
them there you can see these guys are
quiet so you see that webbed foot there
yeah so these guys are excellent wanna
show the tail as well so that's
basically like if you open this hand a
little bit you can see it's like a big
rudder oh that's someone need one of
these men behind you I think you want
this oh yeah yeah all right all right so
okay yeah Jimmy I think Oh what's this I
was wrong
that is not an alligator okay no in the
alley
this is a hyrax
or a rock dusty a hiline rat or rock
I've never heard this one now I have fun
facts for you now is that a Pokemon or a
nap very much like it now what do you
think its closest relative is now don't
guess too long wombat elephant in his
claws is related to an elephant
anatomically has a lot of similarities
it opened their nose is very similar to
an elephants no it's not they're cheap
anatomically I think you'd have to be a
Oksana mr. good to see this similars but
they are most closely related to like a
dugong you know yeah huh so they're
really cute fun oh yeah yeah that is a
where do they live Africa in a little
rocky outcrops and living groups because
obviously in Africa there's a lot of
things like to eat something this size
yeah so they live in a group they use
all every eyeball they can if anything
dangerous comes along they whistle
though and then it means dangerous
things are coming okay I'll go hiding so
this would make an excellent stocking
stuffer wouldn't it yeah are you allowed
to have these as pets you probably are
allowed they wouldn't make great pets is
I always say none of these exotic
animals make good present that's and
this is a great example this guy wants
to live in a little cave in some rocks
so he wouldn't be a fun pet day okay all
right well that's good I mean so far the
animals are not too terrifying
you know me bring this Jimmy come around
the base bring this with you all right
and and aim it watch don't spill oh all
right one out here hi come here
Jimmy I need some of that food now aim
it out to this guy there you go these
are ostrich oh yeah there you go
ostriches enjoy that food oh boy they
have no manners at all do that you hi
guys I've got some of this stuff for you
oh yeah hey are they gonna go and get
people in the okay this one's over here
come on come on while they're eating you
can feel how soft they are
this guy's only about three months old
the big males can be 250 pounds and
they'll stand up over my head
are they real rhythm Bubba their neck
but they're not get very big so another
interesting thing about these guys is
people always think all they're just a
bird but they can be very dangerous you
see that big toe oh yeah
so most of them move their way is in
their legs so their ability to kick is
unbelievable and that big toe that nail
will become three to four inches I see
right when they feel like they have to
defend their territory they can actually
quite I'm glad you told me that because
I thought that it was just a bubble it's
the weirdest eating I've ever seen
all right guys don't get too crazy touch
him while he eats no I don't want to
touch me while I don't want to touch any
of the animals now you see the way that
they walk they look a lot like what we
were pictured dinosaurs these are very
closely related today yeah we think that
all dinosaurs evolved into birds could
the alligator the big one eat these two
oh yeah can we get him out here now
[Laughter]
[Applause]
there's a giraffe in our studio a baby
giraffe yeah this is a baby giraffe
about five months old thank you for the
flowers oh of course yeah no he's gonna
try to eat this maybe first thing you
notice is he's got a very big long
tongue his tongue can be 21 inches
really yeah they also have something
interesting in their ability to eat
certainly so in Africa a lot of the
leaves have got thorns all over them and
they also release a tenon so the animals
can't eat all things whereas his mouth
is they've got thick thick skin hi big
guy and so he doesn't get pricked by the
thorns and can eat as many of those
leaves as possible but these are nice
soft american leaves these are I'm
surprised he's not anybody's more
interested so what you're saying here is
a young boy he's super curious super
interested he's just checking everything
out checking everything out interesting
thing about baby giraffes is he told me
not to pay yeah but they have sensitive
first so if you reach out and pet him he
it may startle him and then he'll want
to play right just get him going we're
trying to give this calm quiet energy to
this guy why is he so friendly around
humans he was born around people he's
been nothing but treated you amazingly
by people so he thinks we're all his
friends I you can see all of this action
usually barely even know him why would
he think one who's
these are very trusting young kids
always trust people mm-hmm
interesting for babies moms give birth
standing up so a baby when they're born
drops over five feet o violence really
and so they can actually get up and run
within an hour baby and this baby run
fast after a baby yeah these these are
real fast animals but when they get
older they can run 65 kilometres an hour
so if only I knew what that meant and
miles I'd be very impressed I'm sure I
do the converse and I'm Canadian Yeah
right the Argentinian knows so giraffes
population have been decreasing by 40
percent over the last 30 years have they
and so they are susceptible to
extinction mostly because they have
land-use issues there's an encroachment
all right now it's faces so these guys
are very vulnerable to that yeah a guy
yeah oh if you like these guys this is
definitely a good species to learn about
all the problems animals face in Africa
so go in research go to an accredited
Zoo learn about giraffe you know how
much is this one because my kids would
look at something like you know my these
don't make good pets these don't make
good pens these don't make good I don't
make good pets because they are so big
this is the tallest animal on the planet
I'm so sorry about what happened with
Toys R Us interesting question do you
know the group of giraffe is called uh
no no journey a journey a journey demand
exactly like the boat interest now a
human has seven vertebrae in its neck
how many do you think a giraffe has
twelve I'm gonna say like 100 a million
a hundred a million seven the same
numbers we have have invertebrate bone
in that hole man is ours Oh does he know
that another fun thing you look at the
top of his horns there and he got a nice
tough yeah yeah as he gets older he
those Tufts are gonna go bald because of
all of the wrestling in the sparring he
likes to do so that's actually how you
can tell the sex of a giraffe when you
see them in a wild if they have bald
horns they're males and if they had
those Tufts usually females just like
humans bald men and hairy Wow
yeah wow that's beautiful he's a growing
boy yeah another interesting fact is
their heart can be two feet and 25
pounds
hold on to Fifi and 25 pounds that's a
big heart it's a big heart because it's
got a pump weight all the way up to that
big head there yeah wow this is a
beautiful does it come in all their
patterns as well oh yeah it's a lot like
a fingerprint their pattern are unique
so that pattern is completely his own
right that's great that is unbeliev on
we're gonna take a break
animal fights with Dave Salmoni is on
Facebook watch you will you have the
giraffe on that I hope so I'll invite
we'll be right back with one more animal
sure okay sure why not
we'll be right back what's this Dave is
it now pack up oh that is almost it
looks like a stuffed animal it feels
like a stuffed damn River names River oh
can we have this one you can these guys
are a domestic your animal which is nice
I don't have to bring you domesticated
one but this is one you can have what's
gonna be my gift see you and your wife
Alicia for your wedding congratulate
very good cheering good night everybody
you're gonna be my kid if you liked that
video then put a ring on it click the
subscribe button below
Oh